# **Metabase Net Work** development announcement.

**Dear users:**  
&ensp;&ensp;&ensp;&ensp;**Metabase Net Work** is a public blockchain for creating the basic data of the meta-universe. As an independent innovative blockchain operating system, **Metabase Net Work** is building a multi-domain integrated digital public chain including the meta-universe, digital assets, Defi, NFT, Dapp Wallet and Dex to provide a decentralized virtual world. In this world, you can start a business, socialize, shop, compete and other related social activities.   
&ensp;&ensp;&ensp;&ensp;**Metabase Net Work** is technically based on public chain. How many super nodes are equipped with EDpos mechanism in the world? Due to the openness of **Metabase Net Work**, it is allowed to use SmartContract or WASM for contract writing, so as to better compatibility and compatibility of applications in different ecosystems. This measure is not only convenient for application transplantation, It also allows existing blockchain developers to get their hands on writing the modules or overall applications needed for the metadverse. Combined with general SDK and software and hardware, to docking and introduce super application scenarios of various industries: Meta-universe games, meta-universe mall, finance, sports, Internet of Things, trade, AI, VR/AR wearable devices, games, agriculture, industry... Etc.   
&ensp;&ensp;&ensp;&ensp;The blockchain system cannot be without the support of the community, **Metabase Net Work**'s ultimate vision is to reshape the value of the blockchain industry, by establishing the connection between different blockchain ledgers, **Metabase Net Work** will integrate the resources of the blockchain industry, from various ecological perspectives, to create a series of excellent metauniverse public chains. **Metabase Net Work** will be divided into multiple cycles to create a complete application ecosystem, welcome developers, researchers and users from all over the world to join **Metabase Net Work**, explore, jointly maintain and create Metabase Net Work blockchain ecosystem.  
>>>**<p align="right">Metabase Net Work</p>**
>>><p align="right">April 18, 2022</p>
